hello people today has a loud for you
trend effect video of himself the
case
I hope you like it and with you
let's start at number 14
So everything really does eat all the facts
Number three is an absolute frostbite
In winter, a mega-plush fur endures
he's freezing at plus five
grad quote gram blanket is created on it
still freezing on the head
simply he does not come from spain
take off number three he knows
definitely not that a gelding is us
have him last year tried one
herd centers in the mixed herd with
was laughing
there was no study safe from him fakt
Number four is a purebred at the
his ancestors go to the
cappuccino stallions back to the
alpine stallions from which they
ultimately the analytical race
Raised number 5 is an absolute top
if something does not want then he wants that
not there you can also teeth
pronounce it then that just works
Not
fact number six he is a station
were all for feet are barefoot and that
actually have chosen for so long
fact number 7 he has two over legs
left friends from his griffel
broken leg that has gone down and
right front there that I somehow times
luckily he was never something
but that already accompanies us now
the whole time asks number 8 was none
strange people he just had
problems with and bad experiences
especially men he can do
do not take it off at porscheplatz
partly also quite toxic after
can hardly be left in by strangers
touch fact number 9 first farewell
predictable in the stall, I always tell
quite happy that a horse completely left
one can be sure that
he just does something stupid but no he
announce it in advance if he wants to
example of the garbage bin has fear
then he already has the 200 meters before
he announces it he looks at him already
depends on and in each case to the
garbage bin is getting worse and
So you can really look forward to it
to adjust
only ten times lauser is heard says
Number eleven ace are in the previous year
my father has the Spanish state in
the raesfelder frontera covered facts
all alone hate water alone
puddle on the rhine suddenly for him
terribly deadly danger
a maximum of 13, according wittlich on construction that may
are no longer fished therefore
he always finds it with his legs
but on the belly says number 14 fits
Again , he likes the rain
saddle will not even after strap on
belly he also finds super fragrance
just does not like it when it narrows
is said number 15 loud
road safety i do it myself
Everything is not from trucks bicycles cars
Tractors can do everything with him
fact number 16 glazier jumps for one
Spanier extremely good and very high
140 of no problem at all
Free jumping is what he does well and likes
He would never stop
when he realizes that not now
has come across or has distributed the distance
then it often does not go by but
stay parked so he still has parked
Never says number 17 time good and happy
emotions if he likes a little you know that
immediately you out quickly, and
Immediately diana lets herself off
do not even touch that one there
of no problem at all with his
opinion to say fuck fuck number 18 what
he can not stop when he is alone
is left so if no one comes
are there already what the holidays
Driven has stopped as the pressing
that was really a problem so clock days
he finds it really great but fact number 19
he has seen sporting ladder light
no ambition at all
not that mature drives it too
not so mega fun he is more the country
drives fact number 20
He really has an extremely thick neck
madness normal had the ceiling size
and there 35 all must cover the number
buy bigger neck so that the rhine circle
to give neuss fact number 21 is
absolutely cool and animal sure says number
Two of the only animals found
he does not like dogs if you are
walk around between the legs
do not guarantee that really live
No, but he gets it
once after that and he also points
incessantly now simply aggressively
a fax number fact number 23 mentioned
always from the trend fax number 24 is the
absolute solitary horses technical
seen we have studied in the
Hands integrate well on the city
he has gone down with them shortly
a fun was also everything else
somehow integrated into the group
any friend wanted that is
not at all my thing he always stands
alone in the corner and I too happy
with himself
facts and thus found the last
kleinschmidt's name is of course
louder once a fairy tale that is
even at the very whole and currently is
Burke really big in the coming
b